docs: generate website documents correctly for 2.0 (#1490)
mdx-js/mdx: docs/advanced/api.mdx

const remove = require('unist-util-remove')
const yaml = require('yaml')

const file = vfile(
  `
---
title: Hello, MDX
---

I &lt;3 Markdown and JSX {/* < must be escaped for \`@mdx-js/mdx@2\` */}

> `.trimStart() // `trimStart` is required for `remark-frontmatter@3`

Author: ```suggestion
`.trimStart() // there should be no spaces before frontmatter for `remark-frontmatter@3`, this can be guaranteed with `trimStart`
```

@ChristianMurphy How about this?

Reviewer: looks good to me :+1:

> )

Reviewer: trimStart isn't specifically required, just a lack of spaces before `---`
```js
const file = vfile(`---
title: Hello, MDX
```
would also work

Author: That’s the meaning to use `trimStart()`.

Reviewer: Yes, that's my point, the comment

```js
// `trimStart` is required for `remark-frontmatter@3`
```

says that `trimStart` is required, it isn't.

Something like:

```js
// there should be no spaces before frontmatter, this can be guaranteed with `trimStart`
